hi guys this is st welcome to shoka
holic today we are making Taiwanese two
color eggs I will show you the simplest
way to achieve this slightly tender
consistency that enable you to cut into
pieces in case you are having a dinner
party today's recipe is inspired by the
Taiwanese three color scheme in the
original recipe consists of three
different eggs the eighth century egg
and mix now I'm getting ready to cook
Ready Steady Go
hmm the gelatine me the steam it's so
easy to slice and it gives the whole
dish a very silky finished due to the
amount of protein in this dish
the Taiwanese belief that it will helped
to improve complexion and strength and
all I hope you give this recipe a try
and tag me at my social network
I upload new recipe three times a week
please subscribe if you wish to receive
updates on my latest videos
my fortune I'm gonna challenge it thank
you for watching I'll see you in my next
video till then bye